in South Africa the police are
well-armed
but surprisingly sergeant Nick boost
Hazen isn't throwing hand grenades or
even poisoned weight this is a peace
offering start feeding the monkeys men
one of my colleagues in 94 towards in
the end of 94 the beginning 95 we got at
3 p.m. tomorrow Street the one at
Gonzaga rocks nature trail I won by
beach with golf course
feed him alternatively on a weekly basis
that's like a hobby for us you know like
some people are Dilbert watching we like
career feed the monkeys and it's also
relaxing first to see how they
appreciate what you give them this is
not what the victim who dialed the
emergency services had in mind where the
complain of people here in the area that
complain about the monkeys at Rancho
Grande houses and they asked us to come
and shoot the monkeys aren't and instead
of killing them we rather advised him to
put the better burglar proving in
security doors on their premises to keep
them out and sunset nobody is
complaining again but monkeys do get
shot and they have no official
protection happily one policeman is not
their only friend in town I think they
love
like part of Natal like part of KwaZulu
and a part of the golf course oh we
don't have them cuz we put a mango tree
and they eat the birdseed and bread fun
anthem I find them so in such a
condition
I actually find them quite a pleasure
they especially when the young babies
around they just like normal children
that play their swing the God's creation
so why can't they be free to do whatever
they want we just have to learn to deal
with it that's it
a few people have really made an effort
to bridge the gap and build a
relationship with the monkeys these
monkeys are a essentially a while troop
there have been wild they can come and
go as they please
they've chosen to make my home in my
garden the same tree which is a
wonderful thing
shesh Roberts has been feeding this
truth for 18 years
she knows their individual characters
and has a name for each monkey baby face
come on
what baby face or baby mouths as they
called or last year's babies Kenya you
are getting so fat baby mascot hey my
darling and that's ugly it's very ugly
come on come on my darlings shesh
believes that if she didn't top up their
food supply some of these monkeys would
starve come on
and you I feel that it's a great
privilege being able to live in suburbia
nabokov aerialist we are in with these
beautiful creatures as an animal lover
it brings me a daily pleasure to see
them to interact with them it's a
miracle I think others say that by
feeding them she's rewarding crime and
only encouraging the next generation of
Street brats
so who is right are these criminals in
the making or just mischievous
youngsters doing their best to keep up
with their mates